Udeus sp 3 
Description. Male. Body size . Head: Rostrum length time as long as pronotum; cylindrical at base and middle, slightly depressed at apex; wider in apex and base; integument yellowish to dark brown; without carina and sulcus; scrobe oblique, directed downward reaching ventral eye margin;  apex with elongate setae mainly on ventral region; ventral region with a dense arrangement of setae from base to apex. Eyes x times as high as wide; x times more separated below than above; with microsetae between ommatidia.  Head with simple setae on dorsal region and short and plumose setae laterally at base; a row of five elongate setae near to internal margin of each eye; interorbital region slightly depressed. Antennae with scape straight, apex dilated, extends near to posterior margin of eye; funicle seven segmented; antennomere I longer and wider than others, x times longer than antennomere II; antennomere II longer than antennomeres III-VII; antennomeres III and IV subequal in length; antennomere V shortest, about x times shorter than VI and VII that are subequal in length, slightly wider than V; club three-segmented, x times longer than wide.
Thorax. Pronotum convex dorsally; margins parallel, x times longer than wide; color similar to head; disc pronotal slightly punctuate, with delicate sulcus on laterals; strong apical constriction; covered by short yellowish setae from apex to near base, directed towards the center on the basal third; short whitish plumose setae on the base and lateral regions; one erected setae directed backward close to the basal border on laterals, three erected setae directed forward on the apical border on each side, two closest and the other far away on lateral margin, and two pair of erected setae on disc center. Legs. Procoxae contiguous, more elevated than mesocoxae, both covered by whitish plumose setae externally, with scarce non-ramified setae near to trochanter, internally. Femures with strong teeth ventrally, with elongate setae from base to tooth. Tibia compressed, almost straight, with internal margin slightly, with elongate setae on the apical third; without mucro. Tarsus elongate, almost tibia length; tarsomeres I, II, III. Scutellum triangular, dark brown; entirely covered by whitish plumose setae. Elytra length; most of integument yellowish ..... lateral margins subparallel; interstriae covered with tiny yellowish setae, with a row of elongate, erected and long sparse setae inserted after small tubercles; striae with rounded punctuations, with tiny setae similar to those of interstriae inserted above each punctuation; epipleura and interstriae 10 with plumose setae. Ventral region of thorax with integument yellowish; short withish plumose setae on prosternum, mesosternum, and lateral and basal region of metasternum. Prosternum length; postocular lobes indistinct. Metepisternum covered with plumose setae intercalated with scarce elongate setae. Metasternum with incomplete carina on center of basal region; withish elongate setae sparse in the center, gradually interspersed with plumose setae on lateral.  
Abdomen. Ventrites covered by yellowish setae, with straight posterior margins; ventrites I and II connate at the middle, with suture visible, and depression in the center; length. Ventrite V trapezoidal. Genitalia. Pygidium (tergum VIII) about 1.66 longer than wide on base, with laterals expanded in flaps; anterior margin straight and posterior margin rounded; setae very large concentrated from median region to apex and smaller setae on base. Sternum VIII with two lateral plates transverses and triangular, rounded margins, posterior margin straight, elongate setae on apex, separated by a central membrane. Sternum IX (spiculum gastrale) with apodeme smaller than aedeagus; straight with apex sinuous; with two hemisternites separated by a membrane. Tegmen. Aedeagus length, subparallel margins, funneling to the apex; magins ventrolaterally compressed rounded apex; ventral plate strongly sclerotized with several sensilla. Apodemes shorter than aedeagus 1.3 times. Endophallus with a pocket containing microtrichae. 
Female. Body size. Rostrum. Pronotum. Prosternum. 
Genitalia. Tergum VIII (pygidium) triangular, anterior margin straight; rounded apex, serrate, with a large spine centrally; long setae apically, small setae from base to near to apex. Sternum VIII, including apodeme, about 6.7 times longer than coxites, with elongate setae on apex concentrated on central border. Coxites. Styli. Bursa copulatrix. Spermatheca. 