Body size (length of elytra + pronotum) 4.3–5.5 mm.
Head: Rostrum 1.0–1.1 times as long as pronotum; 1.2–1.4 times wider at apex than at base; with integument
yellowish to dark brown; with seven longitudinal carinae (including a pair along scrobes), distinct throughout their length; scrobes parallel to rostrum; apex covered by microsetae; areas between carinae covered by yellowish to brown scales, scales wide and distinctively narrower towards the apex of rostrum, directed toward the central carina. Eyes 1.5–1.8 times as high as wide; 0.6–0.9 times more separated above than below. Head with integument yellow- ish to dark brown, similar to rostrum; entirely covered by yellowish large scales or with yellowish large scales only near the eyes and on the sides and dark microsetae elsewhere; scales directed to a point basal to the inter-ocular fo- vea. Antennae with scape straight, barely reaching anterior eye margin; funicle: antennomere I only slightly wider than II, II about as long as I, and about 2 times as long as III; VI as wide as long, and narrower than club; club about as long as antennomeres V–VI of funicle. Left mandible straight on outer margin straight; with one dorsal seta;
outer tooth evenly connected to the mandible margin, not forming a sharp angle, rounded at apex; inner tooth absent or weakly developed; molar region straight. Left maxilla with stipes moderately elongate, with a long ventral seta; galeo-lacinial complex extending beyond the apex of palpomere I; palpiger with transverse ventral region, dorsal region forming an acute angle at base; palpomere I with two apical setae shorter than the length of palpomere I; palpomere II approximately as long as palpomere I. Labium with prementum almost as wide as postmentum, about 1.5 times as wide as long, lateral margins parallel in median region, with a right angle in lateral-apical region, with sparse setae, not arranged in rows; ligula present, but inconspicuous; palps separated by less than half the width of palpomere I; palpomere I transverse; palpomere II shorter than palpomere III; palpomere III with one lateral seta.
Thorax: Pronotum 1.9–2.0 times as wide at base as long; base slightly lobed at middle; lateral margins in dorsal view parallel from base to median region, then convergent to apex, without apical constriction; integument brown, lighter than the head; covered by scales on the sides and microsetae on the disc, or entirely covered by scales; with uniformly yellowish scales or with a longitudinal median stripe of orange to brown scales, extending to the elytra and scutellum; scales on the disk directed to the center or to the basal half. Profemur approximately 3 times as long as wide; dorsal margin with curvature about as pronounced as ventral margin; tooth well-defined; about 3 times as wide as protibia. Protarsus with tarsomere I about as long as tarsomere III; tarsomeres I and II longer than wide; with short and dense setae on the ventral surface, without sparse and long setae on the sides. Scutellum 0.9–1.4 times longer than wide; integument brown, sometimes darker than elytra; scales yellowish, or brown. Ely- tra 1.2–1.4 times as wide as pronotum; 1.4–1.6 times longer than wide; 3.5–4.1 times longer than pronotum; humeri rounded; lateral margins distinctively wider at the middle; with uniformly yellowish scales or with a small longitu- dinal stripe of brown scales extending to the pronotum; epipleura with a distinct inflexion on interval IX, covered by scales with the same color as disk. ventral region of thorax with integument yellow to brown, similar color to dorsal region; scales yellowish, similar to or slightly lighter than dorsal scales. Hypomeron densely covered by mostly non-overlapping scales; covered by scales similar in shape to those in pronotum, scales with apex truncated to acuminate; scales next to coxal cavities larger. Prosternum length 0.9–1.1 times the width of coxae; postocular lobes indistinct, with apical-lateral margin of prothorax regularly curved to slightly sinuate; covered by overlap- ping scales, with scales narrower than those in pronotum, with truncated apex. Metepisternum entirely covered by overlapping scales. Metasternum central concavity distinct; with long setae in the center.
Abdomen: ventrites III–v covered by recumbent setae. Aedeagus about 3 times as long as wide; about 7 times as long as high; not wider at opening; with an acute anterior process; ventral plate thin and barely sclerotized, ex- tending to approximately 0.3 times the length of apodemes. Apodemes about 1.5 times as long as aedeagus. Endo- phallus membranous and slightly sclerotized in area anterior to the basal sclerite; with microtrichae of the median region organized in a pair of bands, apparently the result of folds in membranes in this area.
Female. Body size 4.5–5.4 mm. Rostrum 1.0–1.2 times longer than pronotum; width at apex 1.2–1.3 times width at base. Eyes 1.5–1.7 times as high as wide; 0.9–1.0 times more separated above than below. Antennae with scape straight. Pronotum 1.6–1.8 times as wide at base as long; lateral margins in dorsal view converging from the base, with a marked inflexion at the median region and a subtle apical constriction. Prosternum length 0.9–1.2 times the coxal width. Scutellum 1.1–1.5 times as long as wide. Elytra 1.4–1.6 times as wide as pronotum; 1.4–1.6 times as long as wide; 3.7–4.0 times as long as pronotum. ventrites III and Iv with posterior retraction not sinuate and restricted to the posterior end of the segment.
